Day 1:

Use the starting 20 bones and 10 horns to upgrade the soup cap. (if you don't have the outfit, skip this step)
You'll get them back within a day from the extra soup output, and the increased cap helps you accumulate soups for a better transition from stego to bronto.

Fill the board up with stegos, with 3 empty spaces (image 5)

Wait for 72k soup (from meteor and generation) so you can feed 8 stegos for 30 bones, upgrade the Volcanic Patch to level 2 using the level 1 patch in the daily shop, and build 9 stegos (image 6)

Continue to feed + make 8 stegos everytime you log on until till you have120 bones. (get this higher if you didn't buy the soup cap)

Then stock up on soup and meteor charges.

Near the end of day 1, feed a bunch of stegos, buy the nest till you have a herb nest 3, spawn 2 ceratops so you can finish the horn pile with the help of shop bone + mammoth to purchase the herbi nest 2.

Merge up to herb nest 4 and spam the nest to replenish those stegos/brontos while using triceratops for damage. Don't forget to use the meteor for damage and more soup.

Day 2:

Buy the carnivore nest for 70 bones. Left over bones should go to level 1 meteor timer, dino damage, and score.

You won't be able to upgrade the carni nest to level 2 due to not enough trex wake ups, so use the carni/herb nest 1 to spawn those ptero and wake up the trex.

8 ptero and 118.4k soups (with level 3 patch) at a time. This also means you need to leave 3 empty spaces for merges.

Once you have the level 2 carni nest, start stockpiling.

To keep your board clean of honrs, you'll need at least 500k soups to spawn 8 ceratops while utilizing ptero+raptor using the level 4 herb and level 2 carn nest.

If you're using mammoth to compensate for horns of 2 ceratops. ~386k will suffice.

By the end of day 2, you should be able to max out dino damage with level 3 score boost

Day 3:

Not many changes much outside of merging to volcanic patch 4 from the daily shop.

Stock up on soup, use them to spawn ceratops, ptero, and raptors for damage, and keep your board clean of horns and mostly cleared of bones/claws. (I say mostly because RNG hates you)

Beast damage should be maxed out, so you can spend all the bones and horns into mammoths and tigers near the end.

About 20 mins before the end, go all out.

Carefully calculate your damages from the beasts and dinos so there's not too much overflow. Continue to convert those bones to mammoth and horns then horns to tigers and claws. (make sure you buy the clock with 80 bones before you use up your bones)

Once everything is used, use all the claws on the clocks.
